WORK EXPERIENCE
Sr Engineering Program Manager, Apple Intelligence NLU Apple Inc. / Cupertino, CA Feb 2024 - Present
● Private Cloud Integration: Led the Siri platform integration with Private Cloud Compute, ensuring private, secure, and
efficient server processing of Generative AI Siri features. Enhanced user privacy and processing efficiency, protecting
user data for the Apple Intelligence release in iOS 18.1 and macOS Sequoia 15.2.
● Personal Context Search: Launched a more intelligent Siri that leverages personal context to provide real-time,
personalized assistance. Allowed Siri to use on-device information for tasks such as locating flight details or
summarizing information on the screen. Double-digit increase in user engagement and task completion rates.
● New NL Router Development: Led the development of a natural language classifier to rewrite and precisely route Siri
requests to specific fine-tuned LLMs and chatGPT, resulting in >90% task completion and improving the accuracy and
helpfulness of responses. Addressed ellipsis/anaphora use cases and on-screen referencing. Double-digit increases in
task completion and improved response accuracy by >20 basis points.
Product Manager, Siri/Search Apple Inc. / Seattle, WA Jan 2021 - Feb 2024
● Metric-Driven Enhancement: Led a 30+% increase in Siri engagement metrics using cutting-edge semantic
understanding to prompt users to try their request again when predicted hesitation, stuttering, or cut-off occurred.
Resulted in XM # of better responses to weekly user requests.
● Innovative Product Launches: Launched more than 15 new Siri experiences, most notably Siri Health on watchOS 10.2
and iOS 17.2. Integrating Siri into the Health app gave users easier access to their Health data with their voice (Try: Siri,
how many steps did I take today?). Drove cross-functional collaboration with engineering, data science, and marketing
teams to enable on-device processing of over 20 health data types, enhancing user privacy and convenience
(NewsRoom).
● Cost Savings: Navigated a technically complex vendor deprecation, accelerating response times for XM # of requests
while saving the company $XM in 3P operational costs and expanding English-only services to all Siri languages.